
A pillow With a retractable umbrella, comprising a pillow 
assembly With ?rst and second ends. The ?rst and second 
ends  have  a  Channel  extending  therebetween-  FiXedly 
Secured  Onto  the  ?rst  end  of  the  Pillow  assembly  is  a 
supporting assembly With third and fourth ends. The sup 
porting assembly has a cavity betWeen the third and fourth 
ends to store items Within, and has a removable end-cap to 
access the cavity. Extending from the supporting assembly 
is  an  umbrella  assembly.  The  umbrella  assembly  lying 
Within the channel in a stored position. The instant invention 
having  rotating  and  sWivel  means  for  positioning  the 
umbrella assembly While in an erect position. The invention 
may be Stored 1“  a Case for easy Carrymg and m an Open 
position, alloWs a user to lay his/her head on the pilloW While 
Covering their face from Sunlight 


PILLOW WITH RETRACTABLE UMBRELLA 

II.  BACKGROUND OF THE INVENTION 

1.  Field of the Invention. 
The present invention relates to sunning accessories, and 

more particularly, to pillows With retractable umbrellas. 

2. Description of the Related Art. 
Many designs for sunning accessories, such as pilloWs 
and neck supports, have been designed in the past. None of 
them, hoWever, comprise a pilloW assembly having a sup 
porting assembly and a retractable umbrella assembly that is 
easily transportable and alloWs a user to support his/her head 
While covering their face from sunlight. 

There are no sunning accessories to the best of applicant’s 
knoWledge that include a pilloW With a retractable umbrella, 
comprising a pilloW assembly having a channel, Wherein the 
retractable umbrella lays Within the channel in the stored 
position,  and has rotating and sWivel means for umbrella 
positioning. 

nation of parts as Will be more fully understood from the 
folloWing description, When read in conjunction With the 
accompanying draWings in Which: 

FIG. 1 represents a front isometric vieW of the instant 

invention in the stored position. 

FIG. 1A is a top isometric vieW of the instant invention 

taken from the line 1A—1A as seen in FIG. 1. 

FIG.  2  shoWs  a  front  isometric  vieW  of  the  instant 
invention illustrating the sWivel means of the instant inven 
tion. 

FIG. 3 illustrates a side vieW of the instant invention With 

the umbrella assembly in the open position. 

FIG. 3A illustrates  an isometric vieW of the supporting 
assembly and the rotating and sWivel means of the instant 
invention. 

15 

FIG. 4 is a perspective vieW of the instant invention in the 
open position With the umbrella assembly partially covering 
a user. 

V. DETAILED DESCRIPTION OF THE 

PREFERRED EMBODIMENT 

III.  SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION 

25 

ApilloW With a retractable umbrella, comprising a pilloW 
assembly having ?rst and second ends. A supporting assem 
bly has third and fourth ends and is ?xedly secured onto the 
?rst  end.  The  supporting  assembly  further  has  rotating 
means adjacent to the third end. SWivel means are mounted 
to the third end of the supporting assembly and an umbrella 
assembly is secured to the sWivel means. The rotating means 
and the  sWivel  means are  used to  position  the  umbrella 
assembly, alloWing a user to lay his/her head on the pilloW 
assembly and in shade from sunlight. 

The pilloW assembly has a channel extending betWeen the 

?rst and second ends for stoWing the umbrella assembly. 

35 

The supporting assembly has a cavity for storage of items. 
The cavity extends from the fourth end to the rotating means 
and the fourth end has a removable end-cap to  access the 
cavity. 

In the preferred embodiment, the umbrella assembly has 
telescopic  means to  extend  the  umbrella  assembly  to  a 
predetermined height. 

It  is  therefore  one  of the  main objects  of the  present 
invention to provide a pilloW With a retractable umbrella for 
a user to rest his/her head. 

45 

It is  another object of this invention to provide a pilloW 
With a retractable umbrella that may be positioned to cover 
a user from sunlight. 

It is  another object of this invention to provide a pilloW 

With a retractable umbrella that may store items Within. 

It is still another object of the present invention to provide 
a pilloW With a retractable umbrella that is easily transport 
able. 

55 

It is yet another object of this invention to provide such a 
device  that  is  inexpensive  to  manufacture  and maintain 
While retaining its effectiveness. 

Further objects of the invention Will be brought out in the 
folloWing part of the speci?cation, Wherein detailed descrip 
tion  is  for  the  purpose  of fully  disclosing  the  invention 
Without placing limitations thereon. 

IV. BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF THE DRAWINGS 

65 

With the  above and other related  objects  in vieW,  the 
invention consists in the details of construction and combi 

Referring noW to the draWings, Where the present inven 
tion  is  generally  referred  to  With numeral 10,  it  can be 
observed  that  it  basically  includes  pilloW  assembly 20, 
supporting assembly 40, and umbrella assembly 70. 

As seen in FIGS. 1 and 1A, pilloW assembly 20 comprises 
Walls 22 and 22‘ having mutual ends 24 and 26, Which are 
approximately perpendicular to mutual ends 28 and 30. 

Fixedly secured onto end 26 is supporting assembly 40. 
Supporting assembly 40 has elongated tube 42 extending 
nearly the length of end 26. Extending from tube 42 is shaft 
43, Which terminates as disk 48. Biasing disks 48 and 58 to 
one another is pin 60. Extending from disk 58 is shaft 72. 
Shaft 72 is telescopically connected to shaft 72‘, seen in FIG. 
3, of umbrella assembly 70. 

As better seen in FIG. 1A, end 30 of pilloW assembly 20 
has elongated channel 32, Which extends from end 24 to end 
26. In the stored position, as illustrated, umbrella assembly 
70 lays Within channel 32. In addition, as best illustrated in 
the present ?gure, supporting assembly 40 has plates 50 that 
extend into pilloW assembly 20 and are  secured onto the 
interior surface of Walls 22 and 22‘. Through holes 52, seen 
in FIG. 2, rivets 54 or similar means of attachment, includ 
ing but not limited to screWs, and nuts and bolts, or adhe 
sives  may secure  plates  50  thereon.  Plates  50  cover  a 
suf?cient area over the interior surface of Walls 22 and 22‘ 
to  keep supporting  assembly 40 secure,  especially When 
umbrella assembly 70 is in the open position, as seen in FIG. 
4. 

As seen in FIG. 2, supporting assembly 40 is secured onto 
end 26. Supporting assembly 40 comprises elongated tube 
42, Which is holloW. At one end of tube 42 is end-cap 44. In 
the preferred embodiment, end-cap 44 is a screW-on type cap 
having threading With matching characteristics to  an end 
portion of tube 42. Opposite end-cap 44 is interior Wall 46. 
Umbrella assembly 70 comprises shaft 72, and panels 74 
that terminate at bullet 76. As depicted in the illustration, 
umbrella assembly 70 may sWivel from a stored position, 
When laying Within channel 32, to an erect position, Wherein 
shaft 72, and more speci?cally disk 58, seen in FIG. 3A, is 
rotatably mounted upon pin 60. 

As seen in FIG. 3, umbrella assembly 70 further com 
prises shaft 72‘, Which is telescopically connected to shaft 
72.  Shaft  72  has  a  locking  mechanism,  not  seen,  that 
cooperates With shaft 72‘ to lock at a predetermined position, 

When shaft 72‘ is extended from shaft 72. As depicted in the 
illustration, umbrella assembly 70 may sWivel from an erect 
position to  an open position, Wherein shaft 72,  and more 
speci?cally disk 58, seen in FIG. 3A, is rotatably mounted 
upon pin 60. 

As seen in FIG. 3A, tube 42 of supporting assembly 40 
may be utiliZed to store items such as keys K, money M, or 
other items ?tting Within.  End-cap 44 provides access to 
store or remove the items, and the items remain Within tube 
42 betWeen end-cap 44 and interior Wall 46. 

At a predetermined distance from disk 48, shaft 43 has 
rotating  assembly  56.  Rotating  assembly  56  may be  a 
ratchet-type assembly, alloWing shaft 43 to snap, click, or 
otherWise position into an adjustable locking position With 
relation  to  supporting  assembly 40,  thereby providing  a 
rotating means for umbrella assembly 70. In addition, as best 
seen in this illustration, rivets 54 secure plates 50. 

As seen in FIG. 4, the instant invention alloWs user U to 
lay his head on pilloW assembly 20 While covering his face 
from sunlight. In addition, the invention may be stored in a 
draWstring-type case for easy carrying. 

The foregoing description conveys the best understanding 
of the objectives and advantages of the present invention. 
Different embodiments may be made of the inventive con 
cept of this invention. It is to be understood that all matter 
disclosed herein is to be interpreted merely as illustrative, 
and not in a limiting sense. 

What is claimed is: 
1. A pilloW With a retractable umbrella, comprising: 
A) a pilloW assembly having ?rst and second ends; 
B) a supporting assembly having third and fourth ends, 
said supporting assembly ?xedly secured onto said ?rst 
end and having rotating means adjacent to  said third 
end; 

C)  sWivel  means  mounted  to  said  third  end  of  said 

supporting assembly; and 

D) an umbrella assembly secured to  said sWivel means, 
said rotating means and said sWivel means to position 
said umbrella assembly alloWing a user to lay his/her 

head  on  said  pilloW  assembly  and  in  shade  from 
sunlight, said pilloW assembly further having a channel 
extending betWeen said ?rst and second ends for stoW 
ing said umbrella assembly—Was inserted after “sun 
light.” 

2. The pilloW With a retractable umbrella set forth in claim 
1, further characteriZed in that said supporting assembly has 
a cavity for storage of items. 

3. The pilloW With a retractable umbrella set forth in claim 
2, further characteriZed in that said cavity eXtends from said 
fourth end to  said  rotating  means, said fourth  end has  a 
removable end-cap to access said cavity. 

4. The pilloW With a retractable umbrella set forth in claim 
3, further characteriZed in that said umbrella assembly has 
telescopic  means to  eXtend said umbrella  assembly to  a 
predetermined height. 

5. A pilloW With a retractable umbrella, comprising: 
A) a pilloW assembly having ?rst and second ends, said 
pilloW assembly has a channel eXtending betWeen said 
?rst and second ends; 

B) a supporting assembly having third and fourth ends, 
said supporting assembly ?Xedly secured onto said ?rst 
end and having rotating means adjacent to  said third 
end, said supporting assembly has a cavity for storage 
of items, said cavity eXtends from said fourth end to 
said rotating means, said fourth end has a removable 
end-cap to access said cavity; 

C)  sWivel  means  mounted  to  said  third  end  of  said 

supporting assembly; and 

D) an umbrella assembly secured to said sWivel means, 
said rotating means and said sWivel means to position 
said umbrella assembly alloWing a user to lay his/her 
head  on  said  pilloW  assembly  and  in  shade  from 
sunlight. 

6. The pilloW With a retractable umbrella set forth in claim 
5, further characteriZed in that said umbrella assembly has 
telescopic  means to  eXtend said umbrella  assembly to  a 
predetermined height. 



