

ABSTRACT 

The  present  invention  provides  a  small  umbrella 
(“Beerbrella’’) which may be removably attached to a bev 
erage container in order to shade the beverage container 
from the direct rays of the Sun. The apparatus comprises a 
Small umbrella  approximately  five  to  Seven  inches  in 
diameter,  although other  appropriate  sizes  may be used 
within the Spirit and Scope of the present invention. Suitable 
advertising and/or logos may be applied to the umbrella 
Surface  for promotional purposes. The umbrella may be 
attached to the beverage container by any one of a number 
of means, including clip, Strap, cup, foam insulator, or as a 
coaster or the like. The umbrella shaft may be provided with 
a pivot to allow the umbrella to be suitably angled to shield 
the Sun or for aesthetic purposes. In one embodiment, a pivot 
joint  and counterweight  may be  provided to  allow  the 
umbrella to pivot out of the way when the user drinks from 
the container. 

FIELD OF THE INVENTION 

The present invention relates to a novelty accessory for 
use with beverages. In particular, the present invention is 
directed toward a small attachable umbrella (“Beerbrella') 
which may be attached to a beverage container (e.g., glass 
or can of beer). 

BACKGROUND OF THE INVENTION 

Beverage accessories are known in the art for use with 
beverage containers, be they glasses, cans, or bottles, and in 
particular with alcoholic beverages. Many of these acces 
Sories  provide  novelty  amusement as  well as practical 
effects, Such as increased insulation to keep a beverage cold. 
Many of these accessories are Sold or given away as pro 
motional items for advertising purposes. 

For example,  the  popular  insulated  beverage  sleeve 
known as a “coozie' may be provided, manufactured of Soft 
expanded polyurethane foam. These beverage sleeves are 
typically  provided with an applied graphic advertising a 
beverage brand or the name of the company giving away the 
device as a promotion. A can, glass, or bottle may be inserted 
into the sleeve. The sleeve acts as an insulator to prevent 
ambient heat as well as heat from the user's hands, from 
warming the beverage. 

Similar devices are known for use specifically with bottles 
beverages. In this variation, a tailored expanded polyure 
thane jacket may be provided, replete with Zipper, to encap 
sulate substantially all of a bottle. 

Various devices are known for Supporting beverages, Such 
as coasters and the like as well as beverage Stands, trays, and 
supports. One example is illustrated in Foley et al., U.S. Pat. 
No. 5,823,496, issued Oct. 20, 1998 and incorporated herein 
by reference. Foley provides an outdoor Stand with a Stake 
or pole which may be inserted into the ground to Support a 
beverage container. 

Similia, U.S. Pat. No. 4,638,645, issued Jan. 27, 1987 and 
incorporated herein by reference, discloses a beverage con 
tainer cooler for receiving a single beverage container (e.g., 
can) and providing a location for ice or the like to cool the 
beverage. 

One problem with these Prior Art devices is that although 
they do provide insulation for beverages, they do not shield 
the beverage from the direct rays of the Sun. A beverage left 
out in the Sun, even if insulated or cooled with ice, quickly 
warms due to the effect of the intense infrared radiation from 
the Sun, particularly on hot, Sunny Summer dayS. 

Thus, it  remains a requirement in the art to provide a 

means for Shielding a beverage from direct Sunlight. 

SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION 

The  present  invention  provides  a  small  umbrella 
(“Beerbrella’’) which may be removably attached to a bev 
erage container in order to shade the beverage container 
from the direct rays of the Sun. The apparatus of the present 
invention has particular application for use in Sunny loca 
tions (e.g., poolside, at the bear, outdoor bars, and the like). 
However, the apparatus of the present invention may also be 
used to prevent rain or other precipitation from contaminat 
ing a beverage. 

In addition, the apparatus of the present invention may be 
used in other locations (e.g., indoors) purely as a decorative 
novelty item or the like. 

The apparatus comprises a Small umbrella approximately 
five to Seven inches in diameter, although other appropriate 
sizes may be used within the Spirit and Scope of the present 
invention. The umbrella may be made from any one of a 
number of materials. A Small paper-like umbrella may be 
used, with balsa framing (e.g., in a similar manner to a 
cocktail umbrella) if low cost and disposability is an objec 
tive. A Solid plastic umbrella may also be inexpensively 
made and may be reusable and waterproof. More elaborate 
umbrella  types Such as cloth  or the  like  may also  be 
employed without departing from the Spirit and Scope of the 
present invention. 

Suitable advertising and/or logos may be applied to the 
umbrella Surface for promotional purposes. The umbrella 
may be attached to the beverage container by any one of a 
number of means, including clip, Strap, cup, foam insulator, 
or as a coaster or the  like.  The umbrella shaft  may be 
provided with a pivot to allow the umbrella to be suitably 
angled to Shield the Sun or for aesthetic purposes. In one 
embodiment, a pivot joint and counterweight may be pro 
vided to allow the umbrella to pivot out of the way when the 
user drinks from the container. 


INVENTION 

FIG. 1 is a front perspective view of a first embodiment 
of the present invention. In the embodiment of FIG. 1, clip 
2 may be provided to attach to container 1 by means of 
Spring action and friction. Clip 2 may be made of Spring 
steel, or preferably plastic (e.g., PVC or the like). Clip 2 may 
even be made of formed cardboard (e.g., cut cardboard tube 
or the like) if low cost is an issue. 

Clip 2 may be removably attached to container 1 such that 
the apparatus may be reused on another container when 
container 1 is  empty. Attached to  clip 2 is  shaft 3 for 
supporting umbrella 4. Umbrella 4 may be fixed to shaft 3 
or may be attached using a pivot joint or the like as will be 
discussed in more detail below. Shaft 3 may be made of 
plastic,  wood, cardboard, or metal, but in  the  preferred 
embodiment is plastic. 

As will be discussed in more detail below, umbrella 4 may 
be attached to the beverage container 1 by any one of a 
number of means, including clip, Strap, cup, foam insulator, 
or as a coaster or the like. The clip of FIG. 1 is by way of 
example only and is not intended to limit the Scope of the 
present invention in any way. 

Umbrella 4 may comprise a Small umbrella approximately 
five to Seven inches in diameter, although other appropriate 

sizes may be used within the Spirit and Scope of the present 
invention. Umbrella 4 may be made from any one of a 
number of materials. A Small paper-like umbrella 4 may be 
used, with balsa framing (e.g., in a similar manner to a 
cocktail umbrella) if low cost and disposability is an objec 
tive. 

In the preferred embodiment, umbrella 4 may comprise a 
Solid plastic umbrella which may be inexpensively made and 
may be reusable and waterproof. More elaborate umbrella 
types Such as cloth or the like may also be employed without 
departing from the Spirit and Scope of the present invention. 
Suitable advertising and/or logoS 5 may be applied to the 
Surface of umbrella 4 for promotional purposes. 

FIG. 2 is a front perspective view of a second embodiment 
of the present invention.  In the  embodiment of FIG. 3, 
umbrella shaft 3 may be provided with a pivot joint 10 and 
counterweight 12 to umbrella 4 to pivot out of the way when 
the user drinks from the container. When the user places the 
container back in  an upright  position,  umbrella  4 will 
automatically pivot back into position by action of gravity. 
FIG. 3 is a front perspective view of a third embodiment 
of the present invention.  In the  embodiment of FIG. 2, 
umbrella shaft 3 may be provided with a pivot 30 to allow 
the umbrella to be suitably angled to shield the Sun or for 
aesthetic purposes. This pivot 30 may be applied also to the 
embodiments of FIGS. 1 and 2 without departing from the 
Spirit and Scope of the present invention. 

Also as illustrated in the embodiment of FIG. 3, shaft 3 
may be  mounted to  an expanded polyurethane “coozie' 
insulated drink holder. The combination of shading and 
insulation may maintain the beverage in container 1 at a cold 
temperature for a longer period of time. Note that the use of 
the coozie mount does not require the use of the pivot 30. 
Both elements are shown here for the sake of illustration. 
FIG. 4 is a front perspective view illustrating an alterna 
tive  attachment device for the  present invention.  In  the 
embodiment of FIG. 4, a strap 40 may be provided to secure 
shaft 3 to the container 1 (not shown) by encompassing 
container 1. Strap 40 may be provided with a buckle, velcro, 
or other type or Strap Securing mechanism as are known in 
the art. 

FIG. 5 is  a front perspective view illustrating another 
alternative attachment device for the present invention. In 
the embodiment of FIG. 5, a cup 50 is  provided to  fit 
Securely to the bottom of a drink container Such as a can or 
bottle. 

FIG.  6  is  a  front  perspective  view  of a  coaster  for 
Supporting the umbrella of the present invention. In the 
embodiment of FIG. 6, shaft 3 is attached to a coaster 60 
which may have a depressed portion 62 for accepting a 
beverage container. When the user wishes to drink, they 
remove the beverage container from the drink coaster. In 
Such an embodiment, the umbrella (not shown) remains with 
the coaster, which may be weighted to prevent the apparatus 
from becoming top-heavy. 

FIG. 7 is  a  front  perspective  view  of an alternative 
embodiment of a coaster for Supporting the umbrella of the 

present invention. In the embodiment of FIG. 7, coaster 60 
has been embellished with decorative palm trees 71 and 72 
to give coaster 60 the appearance of a Stereotypical “desert 
island'. Since Some beverage manufacturers use themes of 
tropical paradises in promoting their beverages, the use of 
Such a theme may be useful in promoting Such beverages. 
While the preferred embodiment and various alternative 
embodiments of the  invention  have been  disclosed  and 
described in detail herein, it may be apparent to those skilled 
in the art that various changes in form and detail may be 
made therein without departing from the Spirit and Scope 
thereof. 

We claim: 
1. A combined beverage container and shading apparatus, 

comprising: 

a beverage container, for containing a beverage; 
a means for removably attaching the  apparatus to the 

beverage container; 

a shaft, coupled to the means for removably attaching the 
apparatus, and extending vertically with respect to the 
beverage container; 

an umbrella, coupled to the Shaft at a point above the 
means for removably attaching, So as to  shade the 
beverage container, 

wherein the means for removably attaching comprises a 
clip provided to attach to the beverage container by 
means of Spring action and friction. 

2. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the umbrella com 
prises a Small umbrella approximately five to Seven inches 
in diameter. 

3. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the umbrella com 

prises a Small paper-like umbrella with balsa framing. 

4. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the umbrella com 

prises a Solid plastic umbrella. 

prises a cloth umbrella. 

5. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the umbrella com 
6. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising: 
a pivot joint, coupled between the shaft and the means for 

removably attaching, and 

a counterweight, coupled to the Shaft, 
wherein the shaft extends downward from the pivot joint 
and the  counterweight is  coupled to  the  shaft at a 
location  below the  pivot joint  such that  when the 
beverage container is tilted, the shaft remains Substan 
tially vertical. 

7. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising: 
a pivot coupling the shaft to the umbrella to allow the 
umbrella to be suitably angled to shield the Sun or for 
aesthetic purposes. 

8. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the clip is made of 

Spring Steel. 
passtic. 

9. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the clip is made of 

10. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the clip is made of 

formed cardboard. 

